Add information about odometry webots error testing (#246)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/03-guides/01-main-codebase/02-maintaining-subsystems.mdx

This page details how to maintain various subsystems within the main codebase.

## Odometry

### Webots Live Error Tracking

The `nugus_controller` in Webots has functionality to send live odometry ground truth data to the robot. To use this

1. [Set up Webots and compile the NUWebots code](/guides/tools/webots-setup) (you do not need the RoboCup set up).
2. Run the `kid.wbt` world in Webots.

> 3. Run `webots_keyboardwalk` in NUbots. [See the Getting Started page to set up the NUbots codebase](/guides/main/getting-started).

Reviewer: This is now `webots/keyboardwalk` no?

Author: Not yet, not sure when I'll get around to testing the folder roles functionality on the robot.

> 3. Run `webots_keyboardwalk` in NUbots. [See the Getting Started page to set up the NUbots codebase](/guides/main/getting-started).

Author: ```suggestion
3. Run `webots/keyboardwalk` in NUbots. [See the Getting Started page to set up the NUbots codebase](/guides/main/getting-started).
```

> 4. Run NUsight (or PlotJuggler) and observe the graphs for the torso to world transform's rotational and translational error.

Reviewer 2: We can probably link to the PlotJuggler README here for how to use it, once that PR is merged.

Author: Sounds good. Wasn't sure whether to mention PlotJuggler, but it will probably get merged before this.

```suggestion
4. Run [NUsight](/guides/main/getting-started#get-build-and-run-nusight) or [PlotJuggler](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/main/module/network/PlotJuggler/README.md) and observe the graphs for the robot's prediction, the ground truth and the error of the torso's real rotation and translation relative to world.
```
